FPS returns 400 error update (#403)
clearbank/clearbank.github.io: content/uk/docs/gbp-payments/faster-payments.mdx

To return a single Faster Payment, you can use the [POST /v3/payments/fps/return](#return-a-faster-payment) endpoint.

> ClearBank does not permit the return of Faster Payments over **90 calendar days old** or payments that are **temporarily ineligible for return** (for example, if the transaction has not yet settled or been reflected as settled throughout our system). If a return cannot be completed (including after retry attempts), a **'400 - Bad Request'** response is returned. To return a payment older than 90 days, or a payment you cannot send through the return endpoint, make a normal outbound payment instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClearBank does not permit the return of Faster Payments over **90 calendar days old** or payments that are **temporarily ineligible for return** (for example, if the transaction has not yet settled or been reflected as settled throughout our system). If a return cannot be completed (including after retry attempts), you'll receive a **'400 - Bad Request'** response.

To return a payment older than 90 days, or a payment you cannot send through the return endpoint, make a normal outbound payment instead.
```
